# Tic Tac Toe + AI competition
This is an implementation of the game tic tac toe and two AIs. The project was intended as an exercise in object oriented architecture and the developement of artificial intelligence.

## Running it
The folder src/Tictactoe/Main/ contains all the entry points for the software. You can choose from different main classes, for example Player Vs. Player or Player Vs. AI.

## Project structure
### Tictactoe
This class implements the game logic of tic tac toe with all its rules and interfaces
### Main
This folder contains all the different setups of games, like Player Vs Player, Player Vs AI or AI Vs AI etc.
### Controllers
This folder contains all the different agents that decide the next move within a game. All controllers implement the interface TictactoeController. Currently there is a player controller called CmdPlayer (comandline/keyboard) and two ai controller

## Artificial intelligence
Currently two AIs are implemented
### Christine AI
This AI is implemented by wangchit and is an traditionally implemented algorithm
### RewardMaximization AI
This AI is implemented by Moritz and is some kind of machine learning algorithm. It learns in self play how to maximize reward (or minimize regret) and saves this knowledge in a file. This experience file is generated by executing the GenerateRmExperienceMain. In this repository there is such an experience file resulting from 1 million games called rmExperience_1m.bin

## AI competition
Running the ChristineVsRmMain will make the two AIs play 100 games against each other and print the statistics. Currently it seems like the RewardMaximization AI seems to play perfect, as it is only winning or getting into draws but never looses

## Implement your own AI
To implement your own AI just create a class in the Controllers folder implementing the TictactoeController interface and let it fight against the other AIs. Feel free to submit your results here.
